Blood traces on the arrowhead.
So Kamo's cursed technique
defies the laws of physics?
You can summon another shikigami
at the same time, right?
It doesn't feel nice
to know you're holding back.
Divine Dog is busy at work.
Likewise.
You're left with one arrow, right?
I won't save you
even if you collapse from anemia.
Blood Manipulation.
It can control one's own blood
and objects attached to it.
A fitting cursed technique
from one of the Great Families.
Don't worry.
I've prepared these in advance.
Ten Shadows Technique.
A cursed technique
passed down in the Zenin Family.
One can summon ten shikigami
using shadows as a medium.
If only Maki and Mai inherited it…
Was he this strong?
I didn't expect you to react to it.
Don't let down your guard.
My cursed energy defense was late.
His speed and strength
are completely different from before.
Blood Manipulation is not just about
manipulating shapes or movement.
It can even control body temperature,
pulse rate,
and the number of red blood cells freely.
Flowing Red Scale.
Doping?
Great observation.
But please refrain from using that word.
My katana
Was taken away
I wonder where Mai's sister is.
She's fast.
Well, it's true that I won't be able
to fight without my katana.
Is bubble tea really that good?
It's Mechamaru.
Hello. I'm Miwa, the useless one.
Sleep.
ULTIMATE MECHAMARU
KYOTO SISTER-SCHOOL GOODWILL EVENT
KASUMI MIWA WITHDRAWS
KASUMI MIWA
Return.
She fell asleep.
I'll head over.
What?
I can't leave her in the forest
with Cursed Spirits, right?
What is this?
A Semi-Grade 1 Cursed Spirit
that will be released in the zone.
Not a Grade 2 Cursed Spirit?
A Grade 2 isn't assuring enough.
What?
Our own people are disorganized.
This is the scent and whistle
used to control it.
If possible, use it and kill Itadori.
It might get eliminated before I use it.
Don't worry.
It's trained to not take action
before you sound the whistle.
Kamo is good.
He must have smeared the scent on Itadori
when the video feed was disrupted.
Once he mixes it in his blood,
then it will be easy.
If Itadori is fighting Todo,
he won't get away with just a scratch.
If the Semi-Grade 1 Cursed Spirit
attacks him after that…
He would be dead for sure.
That's right.
I'm worried about Miwa too.
Hurry up and go.
Kelp.
Salmon, salmon roe, spiced cod roe.
All right.
We should get to work too.
Let's make a clothing rack.
Satoru Gojo's at least 190cm tall, right?
He'll make a good clothing rack.
Why does everyone bully you, Mother?
Because I'm an illegitimate mistress.
Then why take special care of me?
Why bring me here pretending
that I'm the eldest son?
Because his wife
couldn't give birth to a son
capable of inheriting
his cursed technique.
Then as the next head of the Kamo Family…
It's rare to find a shikigami user
who's flexible in close combat.
You've improved.
I'm happy for you.
Why are you acting familiar with me
from time to time?
It's sympathy.
You'll be the pillar supporting
the Great Families in the future.
I'm going to kill Yuji Itadori.
Is that Principal Gakuganji's order?
No, it's my own will.
As a member of the Kamo Family,
I think this is the right decision.
I must act and behave like
the eldest son of the Kamo Family.
It's for Mother's sake.
You should understand it too.
Because we're the same.
No way.
He's saying some scary stuff suddenly.
It's true.
No, it's not.
Tell that to Maki.
I'm no longer connected
to the Zenin Family.
Besides, I don't think I'm right.
No, sorry.
It's wrong.
It doesn't matter
whether I'm right or not.
I only believe in my own conscience.
Helping others
according to my own conscience.
If someone denies me of that…
All that's left is to curse that person.
A Shikigami?
There was one left?
It was about to run out,
and he used it as bait?
This one consumes a lot of cursed energy
and can only be used alone.
I just purified it recently.
Max Elephant.
That's a huge target.
I must act first!
Water?
I'm swept away
by the water and its pressure!
It's dangerous in a wide area.
He'll use that trick.
Nue.
I'll only hinder you if I'm around.
I…
Blood Manipulation!
Crimson Binding!
I'm not going to lose!
-What?
What's that?
Inumaki!
Run away now!
What?
What…
Has the game ended?
And they are all red flames…
That's weird.
The crows didn't see anything.
I wish I could say
that they were exorcised by
the Great Teacher Gojo's students…
An unregistered cursed energy
ignites a red flame as well.
Outsiders? You mean intruders?
Has Master Tengen's barrier failed?
Intruders or not,
this is still an emergency.
Being able to eliminate that
means the opponent's quite strong.
Who could it be?
I'll go see Master Tengen.
Satoru, protect Principal Gakuganji
and the students.
Mei Mei, stay here and locate the students
and then report it to Satoru
and the others.
Understood.
I look forward to the bonus.
Come on, Grandpa!
It's time for a walk.
You've eaten lunch just now, right?
Let's hurry.
What?
What a big fuss.
However, when Cursed Spirits die,
nothing else remains.
Nothing can be made out of it.
Will this do?
Right, and that too.
"Emerge from darkness,
that which is darker than black."
"Purify this impurity."
All right!
I look forward to the clothing rack.
A Veil? Why is it appearing now?
Gojo!
Go in first before the Veil fully forms!
-No, I can't do that.
-What?
Actually, the Veil
has been formed completely.
It seems to prioritize effects
over visual.
They are good.
Well, since it has been set up,
I just need to tear it apart.
What's this strange feeling?
Wait a minute.
Why were you pushed back, but not me?
I see.
Utahime and Grandpa.
This Veil…
is made specifically
to keep Satoru Gojo out
while letting other sorcerers
enter and leave.
What?
He's right. That makes sense.
But for someone to set up
a specific barrier like this means that…
They are highly-skilled Curse Users.
Not only that, but he also has a fair
amount of information on Jujutsu High.
Come on. Hurry up and go.
We don't know about their objective,
but it's our loss if someone dies.
What a strong curse aura!
Don't tell me
a Special Grade Curse Spirit is here.
Hey.
Hey!
Satoru Gojo isn't here!
A Curse User?
He's not the master of this aura,
but he's quite strong.
How dare that stupid monk lie to me.
Utahime, you may continue on first.
Prioritize the students' safety
and try to avoid a fight.
Wait a minute.
Let me kill that woman at least!
I can't make anything with an old man's
brittle bones and wrinkled skin!
Whether I have brittle bones or not…
You can confirm it by killing me!
Come back after
drinking your milk, old man.
Why would a Cursed Spirit be in school?
Who cast this Veil?
Probably a Curse User
who cooperates with Cursed Spirits.
You know something?
These are unregistered
Special Grade Curses.
It seems like
they are cooperating with humans.
I think it might be the Special Grade
Cursed Spirit that attacked Mr. Gojo.
Even its appearance fits the report.
I can tell even with his drawing.
You're right.
Let's contact Mr. Gojo.
Wait a minute.
You can understand him?
That's not important right now.
The opponent might know
how to use a Domain.
We have to stay away and retreat--
Stop!
Blood Manipulation…
Slicing Exorcism!
It's not effective at all?
Its skin is really tough!
That katana…
Where was he hiding it?
Stop it, foolish children.
What's this?
It's speaking in a foreign language,
but I can understand it.
This feels gross.
I merely wish to protect this planet.
Don't listen to its nonsense.
It's not the same as those
low-level Cursed Spirits.
The forest, ocean, and sky…
They cry out in pain,
saying they can't bear it anymore.
They can no longer coexist with humans.
They know that some humans
are kind to this planet,
but how much can that kindness
make up for?
It has its own language system.
All they want is time.
Ask Inumaki to retreat.
If there's enough time,
this planet can shine again.
A time without humans.
Die, and become a sage.
-Juju Stroll.
Hey, Jogo!
You burned Hanami's flower bed again!
Hanami is crying.
Hanami.
Why don't we just kill Jogo?
My boyfriend's senior
is in that line of business.
No, it's not that serious.
Is this…
slash-and-burn farming?
Was it because the old soil
had insufficient nutrients?
My heart is touched.